E2e encryption (#159)
pusher/pusher-http-ruby: README.md

end
```

### End-to-end encryption

> This library supports end-to-end encryption of your private channels. This means that only you and your connected clients will be able to read your messages. Pusher cannot decrypt them. You can enable this feature by following these steps:

Reviewer: I think it would be good to include a link to this page: https://pusher.com/docs/channels/using_channels/encrypted-channels

Author: good shout

1. Install [Libsodium](https://github.com/jedisct1/libsodium), which we rely on to do the heavy lifting. [Follow the installation instructions for your platform.](https://github.com/RubyCrypto/rbnacl/wiki/Installing-libsodium)

> 2. You should first set up Private channels. This involves [creating an authentication endpoint on your server](https://pusher.com/docs/authenticating_users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Encrypted channel subscriptions must be authenticated in the exact same way as private channels. You should therefore [create an authentication endpoint on your server](https://pusher.com/docs/authenticating_users).
```

(Taken from the encrypted channels docs above)
